Rename SAP Cloud Platform to SAP Business Technology Platform (#184)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/rest/clients/scp-workflow-rest-api.mdx

---
id: scp-workflow-rest-api

> title: Type-Safe Client for SAP Business Technology Platform Workflow REST API

Author: ```suggestion
title: Type-Safe Client for SAP Workflow service
```

hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false

> sidebar_label: SCP Workflow API

Author: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: SAP Workflow service
```

## Overview

> The [SAP Business Technology Platform (SCP) Workflow service](https://help.sap.com/viewer/product/WORKFLOW_SERVICE/Cloud/en-US) is available on the Cloud Foundry environment [since April 2019](https://blogs.sap.com/2019/04/03/workflow-and-business-rules-now-available-in-cloud-foundry-environment-of-sap-cloud-platform/).

Author: ```suggestion
The [SAP Workflow service](https://help.sap.com/viewer/product/WORKFLOW_SERVICE/Cloud/en-US) is available on the Cloud Foundry environment [since April 2019](https://blogs.sap.com/2019/04/03/workflow-and-business-rules-now-available-in-cloud-foundry-environment-of-sap-cloud-platform/).
```

### Problem

We need to model a business workflow involving multiple parties, complex validation logic, and parallel flows execution together with other business logic in your app hosted on the SAP Business Technology Platform.

### Solution

> Use SAP Business Technology Platform Workflow service and its REST API.

Author: ```suggestion
Use SAP Workflow service and its REST API.
```

You can do workflow modeling using a convenient visual editor and call SCP Workflow REST API via type-safe client library module provided by the SAP Cloud SDK for Java.
Additionally, you'll get other benefits from the SAP Cloud SDK like destinations and authentication handling, complete type-safety, multi-tenancy, easy resilience, and caching configuration.

> ## Consume the SAP Business Technology Platform Workflow REST API

Author: ```suggestion
## Consume the SAP Workflow REST API in BTP Cloud Foundry environment
```

</dependencyManagement>
```

> #### Add SAP Business Technology Platform Workflow Library Dependency To Your Project

Author: ```suggestion
#### Add SAP Workflow Library Dependency To Your Project
```

Reviewer: Workflow Service Library?

### Known Limitations

> - We support SCP Workflow API only on SCP Cloud Foundry.

Author: ```suggestion
- We support SAP Workflow service API only on the SAP BTP Cloud Foundry environment.
```

>   The SAP Business Technology Platform Neo landscape in **Not supported!**

Author: ```suggestion
  The SAP Business Technology Platform Neo environment is **Not supported!**
```

> - In the current state, it is required to create a destination manually instead of letting the library resolve it for you via VCAP_SERVICES binding available on SCP Cloud Foundry.

Author: ```suggestion
- In the current state, it is required to create a destination manually instead of letting the library resolve it for you via VCAP_SERVICES binding available on the BTP Cloud Foundry environment.
```

## Video Tutorial

> This video tutorial by the developer advocate team of SAP Business Technology Platform will help you get up to speed with SAP Cloud SDK for Java and Workflow API in 60 minutes.

Author: ```suggestion
This video tutorial by the developer advocate team of SAP Business Technology Platform will help you get up to speed with SAP Cloud SDK for Java and Workflow service API in 60 minutes.
```
